doc: update dockerTools.exportImage content and use doc conventions (#283392)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/build-helpers/images/dockertools.section.md

## exportImage {#ssec-pkgs-dockerTools-exportImage}

> This function is similar to the `docker container export` command, which means it can be used to export an image's filesystem as an uncompressed tarball archive.
> The difference is that `docker container export` is applied to containers, but `dockerTools.exportImage` applies to Docker images.

Reviewer: Looking through the docker CLI, I see `docker image save` that seems like a better comparison:

```
$ docker image save --help
Usage:  docker image save [OPTIONS] IMAGE [IMAGE...]

Save one or more images to a tar archive (streamed to STDOUT by default)
```

```suggestion
This function is similar to the `docker image save` command, which means it can be used to export an image's filesystem as an uncompressed tarball archive.
```

  See [](#ex-dockerTools-exportImage-naming) and [](#ex-dockerTools-exportImage-fromImagePath) to understand the connection between `fromImage`, `name`, and the name used for the output of `exportImage`.

`fromImageName` (String or Null; _optional_)

: Used to specify the image within the repository tarball in case it contains multiple images.
  A value of `null` means that `exportImage` will use the first image available in the repository.

  :::{.note}
  This must be used with `fromImageTag`. Using only `fromImageName` without `fromImageTag` will make `exportImage` use the first image available in the repository.
  :::

  _Default value:_ `null`.

`fromImageTag` (String or Null; _optional_)

: Used to specify the image within the repository tarball in case it contains multiple images.
  A value of `null` means that `exportImage` will use the first image available in the repository.

  :::{.note}
  This must be used with `fromImageName`. Using only `fromImageTag` without `fromImageName` will make `exportImage` use the first image available in the repository
  :::

  _Default value:_ `null`.

`diskSize` (Number; _optional_)

> : Controls the disk size (in megabytes) of the VM used to merge the layers of `fromImage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Controls the disk size (in megabytes) of the VM used to unpack the image.
```

Or is "merge" the right term? If so why?

```shell
$ nix-build
(output removed for clarity)
/nix/store/by3f40xvc4l6bkis74l0fj4zsy0djgkn-hello.tar.gz
$ file /nix/store/by3f40xvc4l6bkis74l0fj4zsy0djgkn-hello.tar.gz
/nix/store/by3f40xvc4l6bkis74l0fj4zsy0djgkn-hello.tar.gz: POSIX tar archive (GNU)
```

If the archive was actually compressed, the output of file would've mentioned that fact.
Because of this, it may be important to set a proper `name` attribute when using `exportImage` with other functions from `dockerTools`.
:::

:::{.example #ex-dockerTools-exportImage-fromImagePath}
# Using `dockerTools.exportImage` with a path as `fromImage`

It is possible to use a path as the value of the `fromImage` attribute when calling `dockerTools.exportImage`.
However, when doing so, a `name` attribute **MUST** be specified, or you'll encounter an error when evaluating the Nix code.

For this example, we'll assume a Docker tarball image named `image.tar.gz` exists in the same directory where our package is defined:

```nix
{ dockerTools }:
dockerTools.exportImage {
  name = "filesystem.tar";
  fromImage = ./image.tar.gz;
}
```

Building this will give us the expected output:

> (you can't build this unless you also have an image named `image.tar.gz` in the same directory as your package!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd just remove this, it's very obvious :)
